## 1.0 Introduction

Welcome to Introduction for Health Data Analytics. In this first training task we will get familiarized with Python. Please if you haven't done so already download Anaconda from: https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual. Anaconda comes with a bunch of data science packages already installed which will make things a lot easier for us. 


First we we learn a little bit about coding in Python, although many of you will already have some experience with this, it won't hurt to refresh your memory! 

### Task 1: 

List all the Data Types of Python with examples.  

```
1) Text Type: str
2) Numeric Types: int, float, complex
3) Sequence Types: list, tuple, range
4) Mapping Type: dict
5) Set Types: set, frozenset
6) Boolean Type: bool
7) Binary Types: bytes, bytearray, memoryview
```

### Task 2: 

Other useful ways of storing data are in List, Arrays and Tuples. Create one of each and assign them to the variables a, b and c respectively. 

```
a = list(("UofG", "HDA", "Project")) #using list constructor
b = ["Github", "Python", "Training"]
c = (True, 2021, "fun")
```

### Task 3: 

We are also interested in becoming good software developers so we will need to use conditional, loops. Write an statement where the summation of a variable x+1 will be calculated if the value of x is greater than 2. 

```
x = 0
if x<2:
    xsummation = x + 1
```

Now incorporate a for loop to calculate the value of n(x+1) for n repetitions where n=3. Store each value of the for loop in an array named y.  

```
n = 3
y = []
for i in range(0,n):
    calculation = n*(xsummation)
    y.append(calculation)
```

### Task 4: 

Finally we will have a look at creating functions. Functions allow us to compute processes much faster without having to repeat lines of code. Using your code from Task 3, create a function called 'my_cool_function', which takes in the value x and will compute the n(x+1) if x is greater than 2 and for n repetitions where values will be stored in an array named y. Your function will return y. 

```
def my_cool_function():
    x = input("Please enter an integer:")   
    if x>2:
        n = 3
        y = []
        for i in range(0,n):
            calculation = n*(x +1)
            y.append(calculation)
    return y
```

### That is your first introductory python coding assignment completed! Hopefully you are now comfortable basic coding in Python!
