## 1.0 Intoduction

Welcome to Introduction for Health Data Analytics. In this section we will be introducing what is Health Data Analytics and some of the key libraries we will be using to analyse our data.


First we we learn a little bit about coding in Python, although many of you will already have some experience with this, it won't hurt to refresh your memory! 

### Task 1: 

List all the Data Types of Python with examples.  

```
#INSERT CODE HERE 
```

### Task 2: 

Other useful ways of storing data are in List, Arrays and Tuples. Create one of each and assign them to the variables a, b and c respectively. 

```
#INSERT CODE HERE 
```

### Task 3: 

We are also interested in become good software developers so we will need to use conditional, loops. Write an statement where the summation of a variable x+1 will be calculated if the value of x is greater than 2. 

```
#INSERT CODE HERE 
```

Now incorporate a for loop to calculate the value of n(x+1) for n repetitions where n=3. Store each value of the for loop in an array named y.  

```
#INSERT CODE HERE 
```

### Task 4: 

Finally we will have a look at creating functions. Functions allow us to compute processes much faster without having to repeat lines of code. Using your code from Task 3, create a function called 'my_cool_function', which takes in the value x and will compute the n(x+1) if x is greater than 2 and for n repetitions where values will be stored in an array named y. Your function will return y. 

```
#INSERT CODE HERE 
```

That is your first introductory python coding assignment completed! Hopefully you are now comfortable basic coding in Python and we will go over these examples together in our next team meeting!
