# Libraries

First of all if you haven't done so already download Anaconda here: https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual . Anaconda has a bunch of libraries and functionality installed which will really help us with our data science project. We will be using jupyter notebooks throughout this training period. 

To start us getting familiar with some useful data science libraries we will need to know manipulate data. For this we will be using NumPy and Pandas libraries. 

### Task 1: 

Import the numpy library and make a key word for it: np 
Import the pandas library and make a key word for it: pd

```

import numpy as np
import pandas as pd

```


When to use which? Each of these libraries has very useful functionality but you need to know when to use them. 

### Task 2
Make a two-dimensional numpy array. First row will be: [1,2,3] and second row will be [4,5,6]. 
Using numpy functionality find the mean, minimum and max value of your array. Index the maximum value and assign it to a variable named max. Index the minimum value and assign it to a variable named min. 

```
arr = np.array([[1,2,3],[4,5,6]])
maxx = arr.max()
minn = arr.min()
mean = arr.mean()

```


### Task 3

Create a DataFrame using the Pandas library. Your DataFrame should represent the table shown below: 

[Patient_table.pdf](https://github.com/SoFia2401/gubmes-health-data-analytics/files/7404366/Patient_table.pdf)


```

data = {'Patient':['A','B','C'], 'Age':[50,60,70], 'Heart condition':['Arrhythmia','Heart Failure', 'Unstable Angina']}
df = pd.DataFrame(data)
df = df.style.hide_index()
df

```

### Task 4
Normally we would want to be able to extract the information form tables directly into our DataFrame. The Pandas library allows us to do this through one of its functionalities. Find out what this functionality is and read the csv file named 'Training2_example' found in the resources folder or down below:

[Training2_example.csv](https://github.com/SoFia2401/gubmes-health-data-analytics/files/7404392/Training2_example.csv)

```
data = pd.read_csv('Training2_example.csv')
df = pd.DataFrame(data)
df.head()
# Selecting columns

df['Condition']
# for multiple columns
df[['Patient', 'Age', 'Condition']]


# Selcting rows

# iLoc uses the index of the data, eg for the 4th row
df.iloc[3]
# or for 1st 3 rows
df.iloc[[0,1,2]]

```

### That is the end of the first week of training. Make sure to keep trying out different libraries and their functionalities, this will help a lot with the project!
