# Visualizations

One of the most important aspects of Data Science is to visualize data. This is how we tell stories with our results. In this script we will be using a selection of libraries to visualize data. 
To make your plots, please use functionality within the matplotlib library. This is the primary scientific plotting library in Python. 

### Task 1: 

Using the data from the 2.0 Libraries exercise, represent using a scatter graph relationship between age and blood pressure of the patients. Is there any relationship between blood pressure and age?

[Training2_example.csv](https://github.com/SoFia2401/gubmes-health-data-analytics/files/7404392/Training2_example.csv)

```

import pandas as pd
import seaborn as sns
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

df = pd.read_csv('Training2_example.csv')

general = df.plot.scatter(x = 'Age', y = 'Systolic Blood Pressure')

```

Something else you might want to do with your visualizations is compare the results from different clusters or groups. In our patient data we may want to compare if there is any relationship between specific coditions and other health measurements taken.

### Task 2: 

Using the data from the 2.0 Libraries exercise and plot the relationship between age and blood pressure for each condition. 

[Training2_example.csv](https://github.com/SoFia2401/gubmes-health-data-analytics/files/7404392/Training2_example.csv)

```

conditions = dict(tuple(df.groupby('Condition')))
for each in conditions:
    conditions[each].plot.scatter(x = 'Age', y = 'Systolic Blood Pressure')
    plt.title(each)

```

To be more efficient with our visualizations we would want to have a visual comparison between all of our categories (i.e conditions) on the same plot.

### Task 3: 

Using the data from the 2.0 Libraries exercise, now plot the relationship between age and blood pressure for each condition on the same plot. Make sure to have a legend detailing all the conditions shown. 

[Training2_example.csv](https://github.com/SoFia2401/gubmes-health-data-analytics/files/7404392/Training2_example.csv)

```

condition = df[['Age', 'Condition', 'Systolic Blood Pressure']]
sns.relplot(x = "Age", y = "Systolic Blood Pressure", hue = "Condition", data = condition);

```


### Well done! this is the end of this training exercise. This is just to give you a flavour of what visualizations might look like. Make sure to keep practicing more on your own!
